Ready? Cool.
All right. So, I'm going to take over
this spot if that's okay.
>> Yeah. Yeah, sure.
>> Cool.
>> You think,
>> right? And then once we get started,
I'll press USB. I'll I'll switch it
over.
>> All right. You sure you're good? Okay,
cool.
>> Hello everyone and welcome to Deep
Station. Thank you all so much for
coming. Woo! Look at this.
Wow. Look at this amazing community.
Thank all of you so much for coming
today. I know it's a busy day, but you
know what? We're going to learn a lot
today about OpenClaw. We're bringing
together quite a few industry
professionals together so we can all
share more about how this is working,
how this is impacting the future and how
you can actually use it yourself and so
that you can see use cases and so forth.
So before we get started, I want to
share real quick about what is
DeepStation. So DeepStation is a global
AI community that brings together
engineers, professionals, and
enthusiasts together so that we can all
stay ahead of the AI wave. I'm sure that
all of you can see that things are
moving so fast. A couple months ago it
was CodeEx, then it was Cloud Code, then
now it's OpenClaw.
Everything's just moving incredibly
fast. And so the one way that we can all
stay ahead is by, you know, gathering
together, sharing ideas, building
startups together, doing business
together, and just sharing research
together. And so, Deep Station's mission
is to accelerate AI education and
innovation through the power of
community. And we would not be here
today without a few of our sponsors. Uh,
as you have known, Miami College is our
one of our main sponsors. So, let's give
it up for Miami Dade College. Amazing.
Amazing. [applause]
As Pedro mentioned, it is actually one
of the largest student bodies in the
nation. They have a great education here
as well. So, if you're looking to stay
ahead, if you want to learn more, feel
free to join the AI clinics here. They
have really great uh education. You get
some great certificates. Also partnered
with Google. And also, let's give it up
for Miami Tech Works and the EDA and the
Department of Commerce. They're also one
of our other sponsors. Feel free to give
[applause] it up.
Miami Tech Works and Deep Station as a
partnership to help accelerate tech
talent uh throughout the United States
and specifically in South Florida. So,
if you're looking for a job in every and
anything like that, feel free to let us
know and we'll try to help you get
connected. We're going to have we have a
few initiatives rolling out very soon.
And we're very excited to announce that
so that we can help folks get connected,
get jobs, and help talent, as I
mentioned, get those jobs, but also help
the companies find local talent. And
we're able to do that. I mean, look
around this very room. We have some of
the most the brightest, the best
professionals, enthusiasts, engineers,
and so forth. And also Coffin Rosson is
another one of our wonderful sponsors,
one of the leading CPA advisory firms
here in in [clears throat] Florida.
We've actually helped train over 100
employees at Coffin Rosson. And you
know, we're really great folks over
there. If you're looking to get M&A, if
you're if you're getting acquired, if
you need um help with, you know,
accounting and so forth, there are
definitely some folks that you want to
reach out to. Or if you're looking for
digital transformation, they have a
really great uh team over there. Vera
Nuland and I uh did a few events
together over there and also uh did
corporate training and so forth and she
was formerly at KPMG head of digital
innovation lab. So definitely recommend
chatting with Koffman Rosson of course
um you know little bit of a typo there
but uh Deep Station also offers AI
solutions and integration for a for
agents and auto and anything of the
sort. So we work with enterprise and
mid-market corporations. So, if any of
you need help building your agents or
building any type of automations, feel
free to let us know. We have talent uh
throughout uh the United States and um
elsewhere. And of course, if any of you
are looking to have some fun in the next
two weeks, we have a hackathon with
Google. Uh some folks might know of
them. Google uh is one of the leading uh
uh leaders in AI with Gemini and so
forth. And so on March 20th, if any of
you want to scan the QR code right here,
on March 20th at the lab, we'll be
having over 200 around 200 developers
together hacking together. So, we'll be
having cash prizes. We'll be having uh
Gemini subscriptions for the winners.
We'll be having partners with our all
the fellow AI communities working with
us on this one. If we're going to be
hacking with the Google ADK, the uh
Gemini API, as well as Google
Anti-gravity. So things that you want to
build is now is your chance to go build
it. Work with some great teammates and
have some fun. And last but not least,
if you'd like to join our community, go
ahead and scan this QR code and this
will get you connected to our WhatsApp,
our YouTube. If you miss any of our uh
episodes, uh feel free to just follow
along there. We have great live streams,
videos, and and more. But, you know,
before I go on for too long, the real
event is about the speakers in this room
that are sharing real use cases about
how they're building today. Um, who here
has played with open claw so far?
Amazing. Wow. A lot of builders in the
room. Who here has heard of it but are
interested in learning more? Nice. All
the hands. A lot of hands. Amazing.
Amazing. Yes, we have really great
builders in this room. We have very
great enthusiasts and curious folks that
are wanting to build and learn how to do
this. And so, um, you know, this is
going to be a really wonderful event.
OpenClaw, as you know, has made it so
that you can work with your machines
with pretty much unlimited permissions.
So with great um risk comes great
responsibility, right? You know, so we
want to share about how some people are
building it themselves so that you can
see how we can leverage the power of
these agents to operate our machines,
our computers, to automate our tasks and
help improve our lives and, you know,
maybe make some money in the process. So
Michael, you've been a community member
since pretty much day one of Deep
Station. Is that right?
>> Yes, I have.
>> Oh, let me go ahead and turn that on for
you. Go ahead. Yeah, I've been um so the
way I found out about DeepStation, I
used to go to these uh events in Fort
Lauderdale, but they were mixers and I
spoke to one person and they're like,
"You got to check out DeepStation." I'm
like, "Okay, cool." And then I walked
across the room, talked to a couple more
people, and another guy said, "Hey, I
quit my job at Amazon to build GBD
plugins, and by the way, you got to
check out DeepStation." So, I'm like,
"All right, we got people here quitting
their jobs at Amazon. I got to go check
out DeepStation." And sure enough, it's
like a first event where people really
build and show off their work and they
have the energy. They're really about AI
and also like there's a lot of AI
anxiety and that's why I came to the
community because you know we're in an
industrial revolution. We're actually in
the fourth industrial revolution. So
things are moving fast. We're in the
parabola. And being here in the
community, you're going to stay ahead of
AI. You're going to feel a little bit
more calm because you understand what
the changes are. since you're here
tonight, you're actually ahead of a lot
of people. So, I'm glad you're here
tonight.
>> Let's give it up one more time for Mike
Freeird [applause]
>> and thank you so much again for helping
host tonight's great event. I love also
the the costume. You know, we got to
give it up for the claw for the open
claw. So, as as Michael said, he's so
humble. He's always been building
agents. I remember last year you talked
a little bit about multi agent
orchestration with agent swarms and you
predicted within a year, right? this a
year ago that we'd start seeing it
everywhere and everyone start starting
to use it and it would actually be
effective because last year it wasn't
right.
>> Yeah. No, it was very bad before but now
we see that it's being used in in our
work now. So um we uh a lot of
organizations are even changing their
software software development life cycle
to use AI as part of developing code and
pushing it to production. So yeah.
>> Yeah. And Mike Mike Freeberg he's a
senior software engineer at Oracle. uh
does a lot of work in software
engineering and working with AI. So
really excited to learn more about what
you're doing. So if you could just go
ahead and uh go ahead and get started.
You might have to share your screen one
more time to sleep.
>> Oh no. Uh I'm just going to do this. All
right. Let me go to
>> Streamyard
and
allow while visiting the site.
>> Perfect.
>> Is it online now or no?
>> Scroll down a little bit. Yeah. Share
screen. Perfect.
>> We'll be right back. No.
>> Okay, I'll try to keep the screen awake
>> and I'll go ahead and just start with
the intro one more time. Got it.
>> So, yeah. Um, Mike Freeberg, senior
software engineer over at Oracle,
working with automation, software
engineering, and also AI all the time.
So, I can't wait to learn more from you,
Mike. Feel free to take it away.
>> Yeah, absolutely. Um, I just like to
know my crowd. So, this year, uh, I had
a friend instead of doing a New Year's
resolution, I did a like a word that
would describe this year. and I thought
about it and my word this year is
communication. So, I want to be about
communication. I'm actually half
Brazilian, but I wasn't taught
Portuguese when I was raised. So, um I'm
reconnecting to my roots and I I started
learning Portuguese and a lot of
Brazilian people say that I speak very
good Portuguese now. So, staying on the
on the the word communication, I built
something to help me stay in contact
with people because uh I'm very bad at
following up. For example, I go to all
these events and someone will give me
their business card and I'll never
follow up with them. That business card
is somewhere in my bag or somewhere on
my desk and that person could have been
a great connection that I didn't follow
up with. So, I made something that would
help with that called Next. So, I
originally started working with
OpenClaw.
I was trying to build this tool within
OpenClaw, but I got a little nervous how
powerful OpenClaw was. So what OpenCL is
in a nutshell and I don't want to steal
the thunder from the next speakers are
going to go very ind depth into what
OpenCL is. It's a sovereign AI agent. So
what's an AI agent? Basically it's an
autonomous software process that can
work on its own. And what makes um what
makes the open claw a little bit
different is it'll
it'll just make it'll just work on its
own. For example, I don't know if you
guys know Micah Berkeley. He made a
tweet and he complained about his
YouTube video being taken down and his
open claw actually up actually made a
new video for him to upload because it
read his Twitter
>> and it did it without him asking. So
that's what makes it very powerful. It
can do things that are very cool but
also very scary. like you shouldn't just
put open claw on your computer because
some people have done that and they've
asked it to make them money and it found
their credit card somewhere and it
started buying master classes for
$10,000 and there's no refunds. So, and
another person connected to his iMessage
and it sent out 500 messages to all his
contacts. So, you got to be super
careful. That's why I bought this Mac
Mini. I installed it here.
Unfortunately, I can't connect it to the
Swarm. So I did I did think of this and
I made a video of what I'm using open
cloth specifically for. But what I did
is I I I built a uh AI swarm. So an AI
swarm is a bunch of agents working
together as a team and openclaw is one
of the agents and the orchestrator will
send instructions to the openclaw using
something called tail skill. So, what
tail scale is, it lets you basically
commu communicate between uh computers
and I'm having an issue with it, but I
opened up an uh an API gateway here and
you can send requests to it. So, I'm
going to go into the slides.
>> Oh, is this connected?
>> Uh, no, it's not.
>> Oh, can we connect uh to your computer?
>> Yeah. Yeah, sure.
>> Yeah. Thank you.
>> Okay. I I didn't understand how it
worked. Got it. All right. One second.
Is it showing?
>> Yeah,
>> there we go.
>> All right, perfect. All right, let's
start. So, um, [snorts]
>> has anybody here been left on red
before?
>> Have been left on red. So being left
unread means like you uh you sent a
message to someone and they saw it and
that's it.
>> Yeah. So I actually have done that
accidentally to somebody because you
know I I saw the message and then
something happened and my attention got
gravitated away and I forgot about that
person. Um has anybody um
left some unread in the same way? Yeah.
>> On purpose maybe? Ah, yeah. I guess
that's different, right? Um, anyway, so
what is next? So, next is kind of like
the reverse of OpenCloud. OpenCloud has
these connections and you can send
messages to it and to control what um is
going on within the machine. You're
giving it instructions about like you
you could tell it what to do. But what I
wanted to do was I wanted to send
messages to people who send a message to
me. So I'm going to just go into
what next is. So basically if you send a
message to my WhatsApp number, I'm going
to autorespond, but it's not me. It's my
AI clone. It has my voice. It has my It
has a video clone of me, too. I use Hey
Jen, and it'll conversate with you. and
my what his goal is is to follow up with
you, figure out who you are, research
who you are, and I'm going to go into
that, do a live demo. So, live demos are
very risky. So, if it doesn't work, I
apologize, but I'll explain what it's
supposed to do. All right. Um, let me
just go down here.
You know, to be honest, I just made this
these slides with gamma.ai. Just have
some slides. I'm going to get right into
the demo. If I see anything on these
slides that I need to say, I'll just say
it. So I want to get right into this.
All right. So this is kind of the flow.
So I am running everything on this
machine here. This is a uh it's ran it's
running something called Docker Desktop.
It's containerization. And what that is
is basically I can mock the
infrastructure that would normally be on
the cloud on my machine. It's super
easy. And in the end, I'm going to share
this repo with everyone and you guys can
probably get it set up in like 15
minutes and have the same thing. One
caveat is
this is a gray area. WhatsApp does not
design their tool uh for this purpose.
I'm using the same connections as open
claw. It's called Bailey's npm and
WhatsApp has WhatsApp business and they
prefer you to go through there. They
have they sell their API credits and
stuff. So, if this gets taken down, it's
because it was in it was already in a
gray area. So,
now let's go ahead and
if you guys want, you can start talking
to my AI clone here. So, this barcode
will take you to my WhatsApp. If you if
you want, this is only on WhatsApp. It's
not on Telegram. It's not an iMessage or
anything. If you guys want, you can
start going ahead and and message this
phone number right here. I'll leave it
up for a second and then I'm going to go
to another screen.
All right,
I'll go back to it. I just want to get
the screen ready. Give me one second
here. So, let's see here. I just want to
make sure.
Okay, let me change directory to UI
mpm run
dev.
>> Oh no, it it had some problems when like
too many people message it at the same
time. So
>> So we got a few people.
>> All right. So I did create uh right here
you can see the swarm working. So these
are all the agents, right? And by the
way, if you want to use this, it's
called React Flow. It's really cool. Uh
this is the Swarm orchestrator. It has
the open cloud, which is not going to
work because it's not connected. There's
something called the qualifier
personalization video. I only have 24
credits with Hey Genen. Super expensive.
It is $1 per video. Um so it might it
might not work, but it it'll talk to
you. I'm using uh OpenAI
5.1 codecs to communicate. So you're
going to start seeing some messages here
and just you know uh for privacy
purposes I have this application on demo
mode. So
that being on demo mode I kind of like
redacted everyone's name. So if you see
this here it's not going to show
anyone's contact information because I'm
respectful of the privacy act and I
don't want to leak PII and uh I can see
the messages. I don't I'm not sure but
it's I put safeguards in there. So,
nobody should like you you can try to
send some vulgar stuff, but it it'll
catch it and maybe, you know, respond in
in an appropriate way. Um, but anyway,
this is this is corei. Um, I do have a
video showing what I'm using openclaw
for, but I'll just explain it here. I
want to connect with everyone on
LinkedIn and what I can do is use the
open claw chrome browser relay
extension. So the way you I use the Mac
Mini. I know a lot of people they use
digital ocean or they use some other
cloud service provider. It's going to be
kind of hard because you need to log in
and a lot of these sites have
anti-scraping tools. This is kind of
scraping. It's automation, right? So,
what you can do, you download the
extension,
you connect it to your open claw, and
it'll use that session and it'll start
clicking around. I just used this today,
so it's not perfect, but it did work. It
It's super slow. There's no way it can
handle like everyone in this room, but
I'm going to try to make it work better.
And also maybe put in a queue. So, what
a queue is is basically it's like a line
and it'll work one by one. I'll connect
with everybody. So, did anybody get
messages, by the way?
>> Oh, wow. I'm impressed. This is kind of
like a live like um we call load test,
K6 load test. So, um so anyway, you
know, I don't want to be boring, but
let's do like some trivia. I'm going to
throw out some uh Open Claw swag. So, um
who is the maker of Open Claw?
I'll let I'll let uh who said what?
>> PDF.
>> The guy that did the PDF.
>> Peter
>> Peter Steinberg. I think that's true,
right?
>> Yeah. Okay.
>> There you go.
>> You got to wear You got to put it on.
Put it on. All right.
Did anybody get a video yet?
>> No video. It It might come later. So,
let me just log into my Hey, Jen. It
might not work. Uh, let me log into my
Hey Jen really quick. Hold on a second.
Hey, Jen.
[snorts]
>> All right. So, what? Hey, Jenn is really
quick. Basically, you can create an AI
clone of yourself and you can script it
and you can send anybody a video of you
talking with your voice and your your
face. It's pretty cool. So, uh, let me
see here.
It might be broken, but I'll play I'll
play an older video.
I'll play an older video.
>> Hey, CISA. This video was generated
specifically for you by a form of AI
agents running in the background. I
designed these kinds of systems to help
founders and teams move faster, automate
intelligently, and unlock new leverage.
Hey, CISA, this video was generated
specifically for you by a swarm of AI
agents running in the background. I
designed these kinds of systems to help
founders and teams move faster, automate
intelligently, and unlock new leverage.
If you're curious what this could look
like inside your business, let's
connect. So, basically,
>> there's a little bit of feedback. Um, I
think I just need to mute
site. All right, there we go. All right,
going back here. Um, so is actually my
mom. So, um, and she she, by the way,
she begs me to make AI features for her
because she likes to create YouTube
content. She's she creates videos in
Portuguese. So, the next thing I'm
working on is something that will change
your voice into another language. Um,
but anyway, so I'm using Open Claw
specifically to do things that um would
would normally take me a lot of time
with designing a like an agent. You can
create headless browsers, but browser
scraping is super hard and that's what I
want to use OpenClaw for. Um, let me go
to the next slide here. So,
you can switch out I designed it to
where you can switch out the models.
This is actually very expensive to use
models. For example, like um I'll just
tell a quick story. I downloaded the the
open code. It's a new tool similar to
codeex and open cloud, but you can
switch your models. And I I put the the
open AAI 5.4 model, the new one, the
pro. And I you I ran it for 15 minutes.
In 15 minutes, I spent $65.
>> And I'm like, this is not normal, but I
guess you have to pay attention to how
much 1 million tokens cost. So I I spent
$65. So you could switch out models. You
could use cheap ones like llama models.
You could usually run that on your
machine. It's free. It's super slow.
You're going to get um different
results. So if compared to like getting
an open AI or anthropic model.
Oh, by the way, um go ahead and talk to
it.
Go ahead and record a message. I forgot
about that. It talks in my voice. I
don't know if anybody got the voice
message yet or not or not. Did anyone
get the voice message?
>> Okay.
>> No video, no voice message, but
messages. Got it.
>> Do not ignore me.
>> Okay.
>> Say again.
which is something
I have I have so I have a research agent
>> that looks your that looks people's
information up online
>> yeah but if no one feels comfortable
having your information with me I wanted
to follow the privacy act you can send
it please delete all my information and
it will delete it off the database here
and it will send you a message letting
you know that all the information's been
deleted
But uh you can talk to it. You can talk
to it in other languages. So far I
tested out Spanish, Portuguese, and
Russian. And then it comes out in my
voice. So the Portuguese is fantastic. I
was like, "Dang, it's better Portuguese
than than my Portuguese." So
>> what's the name of the
>> Kuraii?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. So what Kuraii
is um he actually spoke the founder is
Brazilian. He's from S. Paulo. He spoke
at deep station
um and he made a framework for building
AI orchestration with of AI AI swarms.
So crewai.com
it's an open-source framework. There's
others. This is not the only one.
There's also like a agency framework.
It's a a guy from Georgia, not the state
of Georgia, the country of Georgia. He
designed it and it's pretty good. Um,
but I I use Core AI and
let me go back to
>> Nan is kind of more of a what you see is
what you get solution built by a company
like make.com and I use that first, but
they don't let you do what I just did.
>> Well, yeah, cuz I I can send out
whatever messages I want. If you use
make.com or n&m, you have to use the
Facebook business API and all the
messages are have to be pre-approved.
So, this is definitely in the gray area
and I don't think it's going to last
very long. Go ahead.
for a company like
>> few months ago.
>> Yeah.
>> I like open
Oh, congratulations.
>> Yeah.
What was the name of that?
>> It's like 30 bucks a month.
>> So that's called Wappy, guys. $30 a
month.
>> Whi. Wappy. Check it out. So,
um, this tool that I use, it's called
Bailey's. It's the same one that
OpenClaw uses. It's an MPM package. Hey,
Grant, how am I doing on time?
>> 8 minutes.
>> Eight minutes to go or eight minutes in.
>> Okay, eight minutes to go. So, uh, I'll
just do more questions. Anybody have any
questions? Um,
So,
have you played with the um Have you
played with the um subscription of Open
AI, the $20 uh on on paying for usage?
>> Yeah, I that's that's what it's using
right now. It's using the Open AI models
right now.
>> But the subscription, the 20 not an API
token.
>> Oh, you're talking about Yeah, I've
played with that, too.
>> Okay. So, I was just going to say that
for the group. I mean, for $20 a month,
you get all you can eat. I mean, don't
even worry about paying for an API.
>> Yeah. So, what he's saying, for $20, if
you get the pro subscription, you can
play around with the the openi.com
chat and also they let you uh
authenticate in. So, there'll be in in
OpenCloud when you're configuring, it'll
ask you how do you want to sign up and
you can use your API key or you can use
the OOTH token. So, the O token uses a
$20 a month plan,
>> right? That's plenty. It's it's it's
really
>> you're still capped, right? Yeah.
>> Yeah. Because I I I hemorrhaged money
with these demos with the agents. Like
last year was worse, but now it's
getting a little bit better. Now, it's
just a few cents. But, um you got to be
very careful and conscious of which
model you're using. So, um any any other
questions? Yeah.
So I think for a lot of people this is
really new technology
and it's helpful to see all the
individual APIs and the different
platforms that you're using. You've
clearly spent a lot of time figuring out
building out like the CRM workflow and
the uh the video workflow.
Can you help us at a high level frame
how we should be thinking about
interacting with Open Claw?
>> I would take it with a grain of salt cuz
um I I don't know exactly how it was
made but I heard it was vibe coded just
like this thing I made. I didn't write a
single line of code. It was all me
prompting it. So
framing it around, hey, I have I've got
an openclaw set up with Telegram or
WhatsApp. Where do I start? what should
I say? It becomes very overwhelming to
think about like do I think about it as
uh as a person that's managing my
calendar? Do I think about it as a
software engineer?
You've spent a lot more time than I have
in terms of how do you think about
asking it things to do? I'm pretty sure
most of us have used chat GPT, but the
limitations is it's it's a ask and
exchange versus I give it something and
it just does stuff. Yeah. Well, OpenClaw
actually has a soul and I don't want to
steal the thunder of our next speaker,
but he's going to go really ind depth
into all of what you just said, but
basically, you got to think of OpenClaw
as a person. Even when you set it up, it
you have to kind of give it like who you
are, what it is, what you need to call
it. You got to give it some context and
it'll save these contexts in MD files
and it lives by those MD files, but you
can update it at any time. So, that's
how OpenCloud works. But basically, it
works like on a cron job. So, it wakes
up, it reads these MD files, and it
starts going to work.
>> There's actually a few of them, and our
next speaker, Alan, he's actually going
to go really in depth into all these
files and how they work and how you
should set them up.
>> Yeah,
>> this happens with
a person
Okay. What if a person
contact WhatsApp and mark you as a spam
or anything? But that that is
concerning. Uh a person that I know
lost his WhatsApp forever.
So
>> that's why I didn't use my real phone
number. I got a second phone, a second
line. I already thought I thought
exactly what you said. I got a second
phone number. Second line, I do not use
my real phone number because like I
said, there's no way that Facebook has a
a business API designed for what I'm
doing and I'm doing it for free and I'm
also doing unfiltered.
>> Yeah. Have you implemented Open Claw on
a local model versus a cloud model and
what has been your different experience?
>> So I not open claw but I did the crew
AI. It's so bad. It's it's lost. So, I
tried uh Llama 3 and then I tried Llama
4. It wasn't really that good. It's like
uh the anthropic and the OpenAI models
are magnitudes better because they're
paid. So, uh and they're faster, too.
So, but they do have services where you
can uh use their hosted models and it
might work a little bit better, like a
little bit faster. The latency is um
better. Uh, but I recommend using the
paid models for things that need more
thinking more or more uh power.
>> Could you pass the mic to him? Sorry.
>> Which one?
>> In the back. Yeah.
>> Hey, thanks for your talk. Uh, can you
tell more about the architecture of
memory layer? You said uh you mostly
rely on MD files. Do you use any
additional context and u how you manage
context? Um how you optimize a context
retrieval and uh memory layer basically.
So for my open claw I didn't invest too
much time in in the MD files. I gave it
a very simple task go ahead and research
somebody and I actually give it a
command through the other uh swarms. So
the the orchestrator receives your
message and it'll determine whether to
do research and if it does research on
you, it'll send it over to a couple
different agents. Uh one agent that I'm
using, it uses something called People
Data Labs. Um shout out to Michael
Berkeley. He's the one who told me about
that. And then um
the other one uses Open Claw and that
that's to connect with someone on uh
LinkedIn. So in my slides I am going to
show you that here I have to upload this
to YouTube and it's just a very basic
video but what's important is
this plugin right here. It's hard to see
it says on. So this is the claw the the
open claw browser relay extension and
it's connected to the open claw and it
knows to you uh you you instruct your
openclaw to use this browser profile.
So, my browser profile is called my
Chrome, and it's already logged into my
LinkedIn, which saves you so much
trouble if you're trying to do some like
browserless automation, and you have to
deal with u anti-scraping from whatever
service you're trying to scrape. So, let
me just play this. So, um I apologize,
Grant. I I disconnected from you on
LinkedIn for this demo. So, don't feel
don't feel bad. I I I think I
reconnected with you. This is that's why
I disconnected from you. So here this
was all done from uh open claw. The
orchestrator agent sent an instruction
and it sent it to the uh open claw via
um tail scale and then another video
popped up. That's not from me. Sorry. Um
but anyway, it it it connected with
Grant. I got to double check if it um if
I'm still connected with him because I
think I was testing it. So that's what I
was using OpenCloud for.
Um, and then I I added some stuff here.
Uh, I rebuilt this app three times. It's
all been vibe coded. Uh, I learned about
vibe coding. You really need to commit
all like everything you do, you have to
commit the changes because you can break
the app so fast and it doesn't know how
to fix it. And I don't know how to fix
it because I didn't build anything. I
just prompted everything. So, uh, I use
test-driven development. I asked it to
create an architecture.md so that way I
can understand what it's doing. So I
like to use things like graphana lowkey
and uh I did have a dashboard and the
dashboard was designed to let me know
how much I was spending on which LLM,
which API credit I was using for like
page in I'm using 11 Labs for my voice,
uh things like that. So this is a
built-in graphana and I'll just show you
that my dashboards are empty here. Um,
let me go here. Dashboard.
I just have some errors. I like to look
at like I like to make sure I have a log
trace of errors so that way I can debug
things. Um, all this by the way is on my
GitHub which I'm going to share in
another slide as we come to an end here.
All right. So, next steps for this I
want to connect other connections. So,
iMessage, Telegram,
uh maybe email, um so that way if
anybody wants to connect on a different
platform, they can and it's synced to
the contact. That's the next thing. The
next thing is to get it up on the cloud
and also to do the followup. Like I
already had this connected to Calendarly
where you can schedule an appointment
with me and you know maybe go for a
coffee and and we could talk about AI,
we could talk about tech and maybe build
something together. So
all right
>> sorry
people or whatever
>> people data labs
>> people data
>> it doesn't use LinkedIn it's just a
database of information so some people
are ghosts like I searched some people
they didn't pop up I I popped up it knew
where I worked at from since like 10
years ago it knew where I things like
that.
>> So with the LinkedIn, the way it works
is it'll take your company cuz my what
my a my swarm does, it tries to figure
out who you are. It's asking your
company. It'll take your name, your
company, it'll be on my LinkedIn.
LinkedIn has good algorithms already to
try to find people. So it'll I'll just
get the first person and I'm kind of
guessing that that first person is you.
and then I try to connect with you. But
if not, like the worst case is I
connected with someone that has your
your same name.
>> Well, amazing. Amazing. Let's give it up
one more time for Michael Freeberg.
>> Thank you. [applause]
>> Yes. And so, who here learned something
new about OpenClaw tonight? And you
know, like just a new use case and so
forth. Very cool. Very cool. So, that's
one of the use cases of what how you can
use OpenClaw in your day-to-day life.
You can make your lives easier. You can
change your networking sessions or
however way you want to use it in your
personal or professional life. And thank
you again, Michael, so much. That was a
great presentation. Cannot wait for your
next time. And
>> yeah,
>> uh we already got a selfie, right? So
>> yeah, we already got a selfie. Just real
quick, uh the barcode on the left is the
repo in case you want to try this
yourself. And then the barcode in the
right is a link to my link tree where
you can stay in touch with me on social
media. I'm on social media as Mike Aai.
So, uh, maybe I can get it later or just
message that number you got and then
I'll I'll I'll manually send it later
cuz I didn't set that up yet. But thank
you everyone.
>> Amazing. Thank you. Thank you.
[applause]
>> All right, put it back in
the mic as well.
>> Great. Well, that was a wonderful
presentation. We just learned a lot
about how we can use OpenClaw in our
day-to-day lives and for our own
personal use cases. And so next we're
going to bring up to the stage Giani
Crellllo. Uh wonderful community member
of ours. Let's give it up one time for
Giani Carllo. Amazing. Amazing. Perfect.
Perfect. Yeah. So Giani has been a
speaker, a community member of Deep
Station now for what maybe six months, a
year now? Maybe a year now.
>> Maybe over a year.
>> Maybe over a year now. Yeah. You know,
wonderful engineer, you know, worked at
uh really great companies. Uh now formed
his own company and uh really really
cool about what they're building. An
open-source project. Is that right?
>> Yep. That's it. That's it. Excited to
talk about it.
>> Yeah. So, we'll go ahead and just get
him set up real quick. And uh so, he
spoke a few times at a few of our past
events and you know, former uh engineer
over at Techolution, working with a lot
of Fortune 500 companies and now working
with um a lot of really great
corporations and enterprise and
mid-market companies. So, you know, he's
really deep in the weeds. him and his
co-founder Ethan Henley who flew out for
tonight. They were really great at
building AI solutions and really really
uh genius level. And so wanted to just
kind of get a look at what you're
building and how you know people can
help deploy AI to their systems easily
and at scale. So can Amazing. Amazing.
So go ahead and just click okay. So
you're signed in there. Perfect. Oh
great. We can see the screen fine. Go
ahead and just maximize that.
There we go. Okay, Ash, I'm gonna set
you up here.
>> Yeah, I got you.
>> Um, is this the mic or
>> that goes to the live stream?
>> Gotcha. Gotcha.
>> You could also
Yeah.
>> Amazing. Amazing. So,
>> testing testing. Okay. Great. So, we'll
go ahead. Oh, actually amazing. So,
we'll go ahead and uh start that over.
So, so welcome Giani Carllo to the
stage. Giani is a wonderful engineer.
Been with Deep Station now for over a
year. A brilliant engineer. um now at
Silo Technologies and co-creator of
Night Shift. Is that right?
>> That's correct. Yep.
>> Love the name. Love the name. And so you
got a great demo for us tonight. A great
lightning demo about how to deploy
agents. Is that correct?
>> Yep.
>> Amazing. Well, I'll let you take it from
here.
>> Sounds good. Um okay. So, can I just get
a hand raised if you're an engineer,
software engineer?
>> All right. Uh anyone work on
infrastructure like DevOps S sur
all right um vibe coders any vibe coders
all right my people all right
>> all right cool so um I'm going to go
over um like what a sandbox is it's its
core infrastructure right now uh well
first off my name is Giani Carllo I'm
the CTO and co-founder of Silo
Technologies we build and manage um core
infrastructure um right now like most of
our work is being done with um deploying
agents in into production uh and
handling production workloads and that
brings um pretty interesting constraints
right so like and this comes straight
from um the cloud uh SDK docs and I'm
repoting it uh unlike traditional
software that follows predefined code
paths agents essentially can write their
own code so their code that writes more
code and can take actions on top of a
computer and So we want this
flexibility. Uh it's what makes the
agents really useful. It's what gives
them that their power, but it's also um
a way for uh new um threat vectors to to
show up. And so um this means that their
their behavior can be influenced.
So um defense in depth it's kind of like
a marketing term basically means to just
layer on top of um security protocols so
that you have some defense that is that
deeply in in your stack and you can
reason about the threat models. Uh so
much of
security and performance is just
understanding your constraints and
understanding your environment. So um
this is a super uh reasonable way to go
about deploying uh open claw right so we
have a
>> I'm sorry share your screen one more
time
>> yeah gotcha
give me one second here
>> don't worry'll
be [snorts]
>> okay
>> yeah no worries no worries um let me
grant you want me to share the whole the
whole screen just like this. You good?
Okay. Um All righty.
>> Uh so
this is a reasonable way to deploy um
open cloud, right? So the you what you
typically want to do is you want to
deploy the agent inside of a sandbox. Um
if you have defense in depth, uh your
sandbox has its own guest kernel and a
guest file system. And anywhere you see
red is where something could go wrong
and where you probably want to apply
some security policy. Right? So ingress
traffic. Um if you've ever heard of
prompt injection, that's what happens,
right? So uh your open clause is
listening to uh email and it gets prompt
injected. Well, if your open claw uh
instance is behind a um or it's inside
of a sandbox, the only way you can get
to the open claw is you have to go
through the host and that's where you um
you apply some network policy. If
something passes through the host, uh
you still have a network bridge that you
need to go through. That's another place
where you can apply a security policy.
And then anything that the agent does um
that's interesting like IO network IO
file IO that's another place where you
would apply security policies directly
inside of the the sandbox.
Okay. So what's a sandbox? Um a sandbox
is a controlled execution environment
that limits what a process can access
and affect. That's essentially what a
sandbox is. And there's different types
of sandboxes.
Um there's fancy things in the middle
between containers and VMs. like if
you've heard of G Visor or uh Kata
containers but in in a nutshell you have
two categories you have containers and
you have VMs uh containers are isolation
entirely implemented by the host kernel
so containers share the same host kernel
uh and it uses container technologies
like um namespaces which controls what
the process can see uh croups which
controls what a process can consume and
set comp which controls what a process
can invoke
Uh and then on the right side here uh
with VMs, VMs are typically hardware
enforced and especially um some of like
the newer technology like microVMs um
they're enforced by the KVM which is a
kernel virtual machine and they're
completely different, right? Um they
wake up the guest kernel boots and it
thinks it's the only thing on the
computer. It boots into ring zero and
operations like IO uh trigger what's
called VM exits. And so Firecracker is
actually a VMM. the virtual machine
monitor. Uh anytime the agent does any
sort of like file IO or network IO, the
VM will exit and then that's another
place where you can um apply security
policies.
Uh I have a blog post about uh building
one from scratch in Python um if you
want to check it out. Uh it's pretty low
level and you know Python is who said
Python is not a low-level you know
systems language, right? um we we build
one from scratch and if you go through
that you'll appreciate that we don't
build it from scratch in the night shift
stack and so uh we're introducing night
shift so night shift is a um runtime API
for managing uh containers and so um
it's composed of three components an
agent instance protocol so that's the
thing that goes inside of the container
um and when I say container I mean some
sandbox uh the agent implements this
protocol we have an agent OCI spec um
which is the container or sandbox is
self-escribing. So the the the sandbox
will essentially say hey I need this
many vCPUs this much memory I'm allowed
to do this that or the other uh it's
going to describe itself to the runtime
and then we have the brain of the
operation which is the agent runtime API
which orchestrates um and load balances
across the containers that the sandboxes
that it manages. This is kind of the
same thing but spled out on a diagram.
So HTTP requests come into Nightshift
gateway. There's two ways to communicate
with Nightshift Damon. Um through the
Nightshift gateway or through the CLI.
Um the communication beyond the uh night
shift gateway and the night shift CLI is
all over um it's done with gRPC. Um it
communicates to night shift Damon and
then night shift. Something cool about
night shift, I don't know when you would
want to do this, but it's it's a flex
for the night shift Damon is that you
can run heterogeneous uh sandboxes in
the same cluster. So even on the same
node. So your node can run firecracker,
kata containers, docker containers, even
like exotic runtimes like um wazi for
example.
All right, this is the live demo part.
All right, so um I'm going to go over
here. So, uh, what we're going to do,
oh, actually, let me go back here. I
have a checklist.
Okay, so the checklist is we're going to
compile and start night shiftd. We're
going to create a Docker file together
um with this Asian OCI spec. We're going
to build the the agent OCI spec. We're
going to deploy into an AWS C5 metal
instance, which is a bare metal instance
inside of AWS. you can just replace AWS
C5 Metal with any um any KVM based uh
machine and then we're going to stream
events from the other side, right? We're
going to stream events from uh the
sandbox. All righty. So, um here it is.
I hope everyone can see my screen. Yeah,
there you go. So, this is a terminal,
guys. Uh we're going to compile the the
night shift gammon. So,
dash oigh shift D. We're going to
compile down night shift D. Um,
and
night shiftd main.go.
All right. So, we're going to compile
down the uh dam, which we already have
it here. Boom. So, we can see it. I'm
going to run this. But before I do that,
I'm going to show you what a config file
looks like in uh in Night Shift
config.
So, this is how you control the
Nightshift Damon. Um you have a state
dur you have uh like agent default. So
if you don't define what your container
needs this is essentially like the
operator will define that uh any agent
deployed into this is going to use two
vCPUs 512 um megabytes of of memory have
a 300 um timeout and max concurrent VMs
of three and then we're going to use a
default sandbox and firecracker.
All righty. So I'm going to start that
up.
GFD I'm going to pass in the config
file.
Okay, cool. So we got the nice shiftd
started.
[applause]
All right, cool. All right. Um, so then
now the next stage is to build pi. Like
this is this is what we're all here. So
we're going to build open claw. Uh fun
fact, PI is the coding agent underneath
OpenClaw. Um so this is a developer
platform and this is a developer talk.
So we're going to deploy the actual
harness. Uh and so I went into my
examples here which is also available on
the GitHub. Um really simple Docker
file, right? So we deploy right here.
We're going to um install the PI coding
agent which is essentially openclaw. And
then this is where the OCI spec comes
in. So we label that this is a v1
protocol. Um this specific instance is
going to need two vcpus. Uh24
memory has a 600 timeout and we're going
to default or we want a VM. So VM just
kind of maps to uh firecracker which is
a microVM. If you uh put here instead
for a container this would run docker.
All righty. So here we go. Let's build
this image together.
Uh
>> you don't need a GPU for this.
So we're going to run we're going to um
deploy here
uh build-t
give it a name space um pi agent
latest
and we're going to build this together.
All right, we built the container.
>> [applause]
>> All right, cool. So, uh, now we're going
to go over to, um,
Postman here and we're going to
communicate directly with the running
Nitro Damon, right? And so, in this
case, we're going to hit, uh, the deploy
endpoint. Um, I'm going to name this
deployment open claw, and I'm going to
pass it in an image ref, which is the
container we just built.
All right, so we just deployed it and
it's obeying our um, our request, right?
So two vCPUs, the memory, the timeout,
and then uh the important part here is
uh the sandbox, right?
Let me list my agents out on uh with
nice shiftd. And so we have a one of my
test agents from before. And if I scroll
down here underneath, and here it is.
Here's here's our deployment for of of
OpenClaw.
I'm going to create a run. So I'm going
to uh ask OpenClaw um say hello and tell
me what 2 plus2 is uh briefly. I'm going
to hit invoke.
It's now in run phase pending. So what
the container does under the hood is you
can see the logs here. Um the
firecracker [snorts] VM starts up, it
opens up, reads um and then the
firecracker VM is ready and now it's
running the running the actual task.
So if I go here, so if I grab this run
ID,
I go to stream events.
>> Of course
better guys.
>> It's good. If I go to stream events
and I pass in my run ID,
we'll see the actual streamed events
here. So the these are the text. So if
you've developed with um we developed
with these APIs, the they stream back
text deltas. Those are all the text
deltas that stream back from our
firecracker VM.
And then um if I get the run,
here we go. Let me delete it.
We should be able to see that the run uh
succeeded.
All right,
run phase complete. That's the demo,
guys.
>> We have a few minutes for questions.
Does anyone have any questions about
sandboxing uh open claw?
Any questions? Oh, question over here.
>> Oh, we're passing a mic to you.
From someone that's just getting
started, going from building apps and
designing them themselves, going into
aentic workflows, what would you say is
the way to set up the context files, the
guard rails, the BPS, everything that is
going to have to do with safety? It's
going to make sure it doesn't go off the
rails or do something that you don't
want it to or design in a way that you
would like it to if it was you, for
example.
>> Um, so there's a lot there, right? Uh so
I have a diagram here which is a like so
you ask how you get started. Um this is
a very reasonable way to get started
right if you're if you're if you're
serious about security you're serious
about running these things and like
let's just say that you're running
agents and um you're running a
multi-tenant like you are an operator
and you're running a multi-tenant
platform. So other people other
developers can deploy to the platform.
So you have like different customer
workloads and all of those workloads are
are untrusted. Uh this is a very
reasonable way to get started like out
of the box right here. Right. So um you
have a host machine. I'm going to
you have a host machine.
You deploy your sandbox.
The sandbox has its like own stack of
everything. It has its guest kernel. It
has its guest file system. And it even
has its own guest um networking. You
apply policies at the points where
things can go wrong. We should be good.
Yes.
>> One second.
>> One second. You're gonna have to repeat
this so everybody can hear.
>> Okay. Okay, coming from a non-developer
coding technical background and
obviously something like OpenClaw is
accessible to everyone including someone
who's not a programmer. Um, you speak
another language even though I'm sure
you're explaining it in the most basic
way. Where or what is a good way to
start so that it's not so intimidating
and overwhelming? because I'm sure a lot
of people in this room probably what you
were coding and entering into your run
program but it's yeah where do where
does one start if we want to [laughter]
>> so you guys don't program
>> not scared of it but want to know where
to start
>> I can ask you that question
>> sure to Miami date AI
>> I was just I was just listening
>> um we're it's it's up to the like
runtime builders to make these things
more accessible. Like one of one of the
core tenants of our platform is that we
or the the the open source project is
that we want to make it such that doing
the right thing is easy. We're not there
yet, but we're getting there. So if
anyone wants to help out, we're open
source. Uh great question. It's a great
question. It's up to us to make these
things more accessible.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Um yeah, I just want to make a
comment on that. And also the question
that was around there. Unfortunately um
this technology involve um some
technical stuff you know um you need to
learn a little bit of some things but if
you want to get started there are some
um services out there like for example
there is one called Hostinger
uh that provides some BPS which is a
virtual computer and once you have one
of those just with one click you can
just deploy that server and access your
graphical user interface to interact
with um open clone and then you can pair
that open close with either telegram or
WhatsApp or any channel that you want to
use that's the easier way because any
other way like creating the sandboxes um
configuring a Mac mini like creating a
docker container. Um all of that
involves some type of technicism and you
need to learn
and is good because you are looking for
something new you need to start learning
the new language you know uh because we
are in that field right now. Um but the
good thing about it is that with two
three easy steps you can get access to
the technology. Then if you want to go a
little more further and learn it becomes
technical because this is based on a
concept called an agent and an agent is
like a really good piece of technology.
Okay.
>> Okay. Good.
>> Amazing. Amazing. Let's give that up.
We'll have two more two more questions
from the audience before we move to the
next one. But for real quick as well.
So, who would like a class on how to set
up Open Claw here? Who would like a
class on that to make that easy? Well,
how about this? Deep Station is going to
be launching a class on OpenClaw in the
next few weeks. So, if any of you are
looking to learn how to do it, let's
make it happen. So, feel free to follow
our Luma and we'll having a class for
that available for all of you. So, thank
you. We have two more questions for the
audience. Maybe three. We'll see.
Yeah, real question. Uh, inside a
sandbox, how do you log for inference
for future inference? How does it
actually learn within that that sandbox?
>> Um, repeat the question.
>> Can you repeat the question?
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. How does the how does the actual
agent learn? I mean, can you can you
keep or log anything for future
inference?
>> Of course. Yeah.
>> Great question. So SAM um night shift
doesn't handle any of the like
reinforcement learning loop or actual
like training but um we provide a
pluggable telemetry collector right so
um night sh night shift d the night
shift gammon uh routes
>> going to be a good conversation
>> um anything that's happening like inside
the host and then also anything that's
happening inside the sandbox itself uh
logs metrics traces to a a telemetry
collector
>> and You can plug that into like graphana
for example.
>> Amazing. Amazing. And we'll have one
more question from the audience and uh
but and just for for context as well the
next one will be a good one for zero to
one as well. So we wanted to have a good
balance of you know great engineers um
professionals and then also for a zero
to one. So Micah Berkeley
>> hey what's going on? So I want to trying
to help bridge this gap a little bit
because I know a lot of you guys are
here from the engineering side. I know
if there's people here from the more
vibe coding. I want to figure this out.
Um, so I know your environment. I've
lived in it. I also know the deep the vi
the deep vibe coded environment. I'm
going to put this down.
Oh, Mike.
>> Oh, okay. Sorry. Sorry. Um, this right
here, what he's building is dope for a
lot of really important reasons. Let's
say you're building infrastructure with
uh open claw that's taking uh private
information or you're doing stuff with
credit cards and you're doing stuff
where you're transacting you know
business that uh is needs to be
warehousing somewhere safe. What he's
doing and the environment that he's
building keeps it safe. It puts a lot of
gates in the way to stop somebody from
entering into your environment and doing
stupidness. Example, today I received a
tweet from somebody who tried to prompt
inject my open claw. He sent the nice,
"Hey, what's going on, brother? If you
just send me your API keyoop and the way
he was breaking it down was actually
really intelligent."
Fortunately, my open claw caught it and
I have systems in place to stop it from,
you know, from recklessness. But what
he's building here with night shift and
you know these are the gates that we
need to have if you're building these
secure systems and that's why I know
it's it's kind of hard to understand
like what's he talking about us as
engineers we get it right but what uh
what I want everyone else to kind of
understand is that if you start building
in open claw and you start using these
systems like pi and etc etc and you're
building stuff for clients because
that's where the bag is at um you want
to protect your stuff, right? And
it's important that you have
infrastructure like this, stuff within
containers, stuff within KVMs. When I
first started using OpenClaw, I went
balls to the wall. I let it have access
to everything and I learned some really,
really important lessons in that first
week. I've learned to use knowledge and
wisdom now, right? And uh I know I got
you. Um I feel the hook coming, right?
Um, but no, I'm I'm saying this cuz I
just want uh I I think that what you're
doing is is super dope and I understand
it, but I do want to kind of cross that
bridge for everybody so they understand
why this is so important, why these
different levels and these different
gates and these different um you know
like understanding telemetry of what's
going on inside of these environments is
important. But I actually didn't really
have a good question. I didn't really
have a good question for you, but I
think what you're doing is amazing.
[applause]
>> Thank you so much for that, Micah. Micah
is actually an OG one from the very
first uh Deep Station event. Is that
right? Amazing. Amazing. Um so I think
we're going to go ahead and just move to
the next uh session. Let's give it up
one more time for Giani PLA. Amazing.
Amazing. Who here Who here learned
something new about sandboxing agents?
Who here learned something new? Amazing.
Amazing. A lot of the hands go up.
Amazing. Yeah. So sandboxing is very
important uh for for for developing your
agents and you know just making sure you
have a secure environment. That's why
see a lot of folks buying mic minis and
you know if you want to do a VPS or
something like that, night shift could
be one of those ways. So before we move
to the next speaker, let's uh have a
selfie.
>> Heck yeah.
>> If there isn't a selfie, it didn't
happen, right?
>> True.
>> Amazing. Amazing. Yeah, as you might
have said, uh if there's no selfie, it
didn't happen. [laughter]
>> All right, so let's give it up one more
time for Giani. [applause]
So, we're going to bring up our last
speaker for the sta uh to the stage, and
he's a really great uh friend of mine
and a really great uh friend of the
show, as some might say. But yes, a
really great engineer, really great
person. He's going to break it down when
it comes to Open Claw, right? Just it's
going to be more of a conversation. It's
going to be more of a workflow, how he
interacts with it. So, this is a great
one for like a zero to one. So, we'll be
bringing up Alan Garcia to the stage.
Let's give it up for Alan Garcia.
[applause]
Amazing. Amazing. Can't wait for this
one. We'll be setting up for just a
second. Uh and we'll be getting started.
So, just go ahead and plug in that USBC.
We should be good to go.
Who here learned something new about
OpenClaw today? Let's give it up one
more time. Who wants a class on
OpenClaw? [laughter]
Amazing. [applause] Amazing.
>> This for me?
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Sure.
>> Appreciate it.
>> Yes.
All right. So now, oh, actually, let me
go ahead and just click this button.
USBC, correct?
>> That's USBC. Oh, can you plug this in?
>> Can you plug that into your
>> Yeah.
We'll just be setting that up for one
more second and we should be good to go.
Amazing. Amazing. Video over IP should
now become the slides.
>> Some might say there's AI and then
there's AV.
Are we good here?
>> Cool. Yeah, we're good. Um,
>> yes. Although I think the screen is
extended, so I think we need to mirror
the screen.
>> Yeah. So, we just go to screen
mirroring. Yeah. Stop extending.
Perfect.
That should do it. Then you got to
choose to mirror apparently.
Yes. Choose content then just uh entire
screen. Perfect.
>> And there we go. Amazing. So for this,
can you just uh do the present? Yeah.
>> Perfect.
>> Okay, great. So we'll start.
>> All right. So let's give it up for Allan
one more time. [applause]
So Allan has been a community member for
over a year now. wonderful person,
wonderful engineer, great speaker, great
industry professional. Um he's worked
he's head of industry uh was a former
full stack engineer over for the New
York Times, worked as a software
engineer for Cornell University and now
is head of engineering for Soma Capital.
Is that right?
>> Yes, sir.
>> Amazing. Amazing. Yes. So, um what are
you going to be speaking on today, Alan?
>> So, today we're going to be talking
about open claw and the intent error.
And the intent error.
>> Intent error.
>> So let me make sure this is set up for
you.
>> Yep. Is this just for the streaming?
>> Can you speak in there? Yes.
>> Perfect.
>> All right.
>> All right. So let's get started.
>> Hello everyone. Uh I'm Alan. I run
engineering at S Capital. Uh I spend my
days at the intersection of building
software, evaluating companies, and
working alongside AI agents. And they're
getting scarely capable. Today I want to
talk about one thing that we all need to
get right.
There's this phrase going around. You
can just do things. And it's true right
now today. You can spin up an agent,
point it at a codebase, and it'll ship
your code. You can tag an AI in Slack,
come back to a pull request. The cost of
building has collapsed.
But here's what nobody talks about and I
think we should.
Last month I asked an agent uh excuse
me. Last month I asked an agent to
configure a remote server. It set up
everything perfectly.
Firewall VPN services.
Then when I asked it to change one
setting, it edited the wrong servers
config. My gateway crashed, looped 125
times, and the agent went silent.
So, you can just do things, but you can
also just break things at 2 am and your
agent isn't talking to you anymore.
The question isn't whether AI can do
things. We're past that. The question
is, does your AI know which thing to do
and why? Because that's where every
failure I've seen, mine included,
actually happens.
Let me give you a quick framework just
run through what I've been seeing. We've
moved through three eras, right? The
prompt era, the context era, the intent
error. Tell AI what to do, tell AI what
to know, and then align with the AI with
your intent.
The prompt era, you write this function,
summarize this doc, one person, one ask,
one prompt. the GP33s of the world, the
generative AI
that was blowing our minds in 2022,
2023.
It was all good and we moved on to the
context era. You start leveraging rag
long context tool use. The tools got
dramatically better, but it we're still
there sitting there feeding context
session by session.
Now we're seeing Open Claw bring us to
the intent era. You tell AI what to
want. Not just the task, the goal, the
constraints, the judgment. And here's
the key difference. Intent means the
system knows your goals, your
constraints, and your judgment. Before
you open the chat,
this shift, where intent leads, it isn't
new.
It's happened before. Ford didn't invent
the car.
He organized the assembly line. The same
workers, one car every 93 minutes
instead of every 12 hours. Malcolm man,
he didn't invent shipping. He just
standardized the container. Loading
dropped from 5 days to 8 hours. And in
1973,
Unix pipes connected small programs by
passing intent between them. Same
compute, radically different power.
Everyone one of these was the same
moment. Not a new invention, but a new
way of organizing what already existed.
And I think that's where we are with AI.
So what does this actually look like?
My agent runs an open claw. When it
starts a session, before I say a single
word, it reads the three files. The
soul, the user, the memory. The soul
define what the agent is, its judgment,
defaults, its tone, its boundaries.
Think of it as the agent's value system.
The user defines who I am, my role, my
preferences, my constraints.
For example, me, I'm head of
engineering. I prefer direct answers. I
run my infrastructure on a VPS. I don't
do it locally on my Mac Mini. And then
the memory. This accumulates the
decisions, the context, the lessons
learned across every single session.
When an agent crashes, the next one
reads the same memory and picks up where
it left off. So, we're prompting, but
we're also encoding intent persistently
into that layer that survives agent
death. And we've seen why Open Claw has
been so popular because they actually
leverage this
>> [snorts]
>> And what is the difference? Right? If
I'm just prompting, I say SSH into
5161238.10.
Check if the gateway is running. There's
a config right there. Watch out for the
tail scale binding issue we hit last
month. That's context. In every session
from scratch,
when I encode intent, I say check on the
deployment.
Four words. The agent already knows
which server, which stack, the failure
history and the constraints. The
judgment is preloaded
and we need to talk about this. We need
to make this happen in our agents. Most
agents live in the now. They optimize
for the current task.
But intent means you align your agent
with your vision.
Is it this week's vision, this month's
vision? Is it a multi-year vision?
Right? like what kind of agents are you
building? Uh does your framework support
that? My memory files don't just track
what happened yesterday. They encode
where the product should be in two years
and work backwards from that. That's
solved for a lot of teams. Some teams
don't even specify where they're going.
Um enough for their agents to leverage
that information in that context. And I
think that's the biggest unlock ahead of
all of us.
There's a concept emerging about the
product thinker, someone bilingual, like
deep in technology and culture, holding
the long-term vision, ensuring the
narrative is loadbearing
from the start.
In the intent era, this person is one
that has organizational judgment
in and embeds it into the agent layer.
The agents will come and go. the intent
can carry the multi-year continuity
and this pattern is actually showing up
anywhere everywhere in a lot of really
great enterprise companies. Um, one of
the main
>> uh not yet.
[laughter]
Um, so one of the the one of the main
guys that I follow, he's a builder and
now he's head of uh he's part of the
growth team at Cognition. You know, he
releases a lot of really good
information and really good repos. Um,
he's leveraging these tools himself,
right? He recently got hired
recognition. Now he tags agents. He just
describes the fix. He comes back to a
PR. But the reason why that works isn't
magic, right? Devon, the tool being
built by cognition, it carries intent
across tasks. The async nature of this
is a feature, not is a feature of the
architecture, right? It's like not the
point. The point isn't that we can just
do async tasks and ask our agents to do
all this stuff. It's that we're building
in the intent into our frameworks. The
people that are winning aren't writing
better prompts. They're building systems
where the intent persists.
And there's another side to this, right?
And I think this is important. In 2024,
Clara tried to frontr run this AI
success story. Uh they replaced customer
service with an AI agent. It handled 2.3
million conversations in its first
month. Resolution time dropped from 11
minutes to two. It did the work of 853
employees, more people than there are
here today. They saved $60 million. Wall
Street loved it. The stock moved.
And then the CEO went on to Bloomberg to
explain why they were hiring humans
back.
The AI executed the task perfectly every
time, but it didn't know why certain
customers needed to be handled
differently. It didn't carry the intent
of what the customer relationships were
actually for.
The measurable thing improved. The thing
that actually mattered broke.
And this pattern may continue to happen
if we don't actually encode intent into
our systems. Companies that deploy AI
that executes flawlessly and still need
to wonder why things get worse. It's
probably because we didn't encode what
success actually meant be beyond the
task.
Capability without intent is expensive
chaos.
So here's the insight that changes how I
build. Remember my agent that bricked
itself at 2 am like went into 125 like
crash loops at and went silent.
That agent actually died. Uh the handoff
doc that I was writing while I was
working with that agent that is what
persisted
and when the crash happened that was
still there. The memory file with the
server details the constraint the never
change the bind config on the local
server warning.
I actually ended up spinning up a
different agent
and was able to resolve the problem
picking up exactly where we left off.
The agent was disposable, the intent
wasn't. And when you internalize that,
that agents are ephemeral. You can
design differently. Zero trust becomes
obvious. You think of this system more
as a distributed system
and you start making sure that your
security is tight. So even if the agents
come and go,
you can revoke their access. You can
make sure that your credentials are
safe. You know how to make them work
together. And you do this not because
you're paranoid, but because disposable
agents, they requireable dis they
require disposable credentials and
disposable sandboxes. and all these
things that we've been talking about.
So, cognition isn't building a better
coding agent. They're building a system
where intent transfers between agents
and humans seamlessly.
Open clause architecture is built around
this. Agents are sessions that come and
go, but memory and intent persist across
all of them. The org compounds not
because of a single agent but in spite
of effirmal agents because the intent
layer holds.
So we'll keep it high level but I do
want to leave you with something that
you can use. Here's a test. Look at the
last 10 interactions within any AI tool
that you use. Chatbutt claude cursor an
agent whatever. How many times did you
reexlain something that the system
should have already known? Your role,
your codebase, your preferences, the
decision you made last week, the mistake
you fixed yesterday.
Every reexlanation is an intent gap.
It's context that should have been
encoded but wasn't. It's you doing the
work that the system should have been
doing.
Now ask the harder questions. How many
times did the AI do something
technically correct but strategically
wrong? The right code, the wrong file, a
good answer, a wrong priority, a
successful task but a missed goal.
That's the deeper intent gap and that's
the one that's going to cost us. The
winners in the next two years, they
won't have better models. They'll have
better judgment and systems that carry
that judgment forward.
Every context switch I make from code to
people to product is in the service of a
single intent. The tools I use only work
because they know what that intent is.
So I'll leave you with one question. Do
your agents actually know what you want?
Thank you um Alan and you can reach me
at alensomacap.com.
Let's talk. [applause]
Any questions from the audience?
I'll get you from here over the back.
>> Here we go.
>> Oh, thanks Grant.
>> Alan, thanks for the presentation. I'm
also an investor and I'm just curious
what workflows do you use OpenClaw for
to evaluate companies and and quickly
screen them.
>> Yeah, I know.
[clears throat]
Uh we actually do not do that yet. Right
now, we're actually doing most of our
work with um our CRM. So, making sure
that we keep a pulse on what
relationships we have, who we need to
reach out to, you know, what information
they're sending our way. Uh we haven't
actually leveraged uh Open Claw
specifically for uh diligence or
evaluating other companies.
coming to you. We'll just kind of work
our way forward.
>> Hi. Uh what happens if uh the memory
file exceeds context length?
>> What happens?
>> Yeah,
>> it'll be compacted.
>> Does that affect any of the quality
afterwards?
>> Yeah, absolutely. Um here, let me show
you guys something that uh has been
useful to me.
I have a cron job running a context
usage report uh that just tells me like
what amount of uh characters I've used
in my memory. Uh so the my memory is the
file that's taking up the most space. Uh
my agents is second, my tools is third.
Soul have very little soul. Um the
identity and the user, you know, and I'm
not using harpy right now. So I'm at
17%.
Um, and this is just like something
useful. I get a report on this every
day. I don't see it changing that much.
I have like a few specific workflows
that are really good for me specifically
on this server for these uh use cases.
And um it is interesting though to to to
dive into your memory and see how
accurately open claw actually maintains
your memory file. Uh I think there are
better ways to do it. Uh I've been
looking at certain open source systems.
Uh there's one called Spark that does uh
a lot of filtering and sort of like
intelligent looping around all the
information that you're sending it and
tries to refine your memory over time.
Um so there's a lot of solutions that
are coming out these days that I think
uh are going to be something that that
more uh open claw users are going to be
leveraging and I'm really excited for
them. But this is just like a basic
rudimentary thing that anybody could do.
Uh I can actually share you know the
simple prompt that uh allows anybody to
to leverage this on their open claw
instance. I'd be happy to do that.
>> Amazing. Amazing. A few more questions.
>> So I have an issue with my open clawbot.
This morning I had to it kind of forgot
some tasks and how to do them properly.
So this morning I had to download the
Telegram chat and send it back to it to
see and kind of teach it like hey this
is what's been going on this week and
this is where you kind of fell off in
the task. Yeah.
>> Can you help us to avoid this in the
future?
>> But to his question he's mentioned the
context. So mine kept saying up memory
update failed and then so now I'm
confused. How do I compact the memory
and still have it remember and do
everything correctly? Do you have um a
solution for that?
>> Yeah. So, so compacting is something uh
that every agent framework is
implementing differently but and it does
end up lowering the quality of the
memories. It is essential obviously
because of context management. to your
point, I think you should say that
louder. There is of of of using of using
self-referential
links to pass conversations and give
them back to your to your agents. I've
found that to be very useful. I actually
deploy my agents on Slack and um I say I
face the same problem. I actually
haven't solved this. I'm looking for a
really good either open- source um you
know or affordable solution to um to do
this uh for my personal agents. But
these self-referential links that bring
that context back I think are really
essential for you building the right
memory in the different sessions that
occur in your open call. So in Slack it
makes it really easy. You just right
click, you say copy link and you send
the link to that conversation. The agent
will just read it and it'll know okay
that's the GitHub repository
um or you know that's the server this is
the outcome that we have that we need to
like iterate on things of that nature um
are actually really helpful. And then
you want to be very specific sometimes
about when you ask your agent to update
its memory and and that helps. Um, but
yeah, I think we should try to find and
share the best open-source uh tools to
help us refine our memory because
because that is something that's that's
really going to benefit a lot of us.
>> Yeah. And we have a group chat as well
as uh other ways that you can stay
connected. So if folks find open source
frameworks or other ways of improving
our openclaw agents, feel free to hop
in. I'll share a QR code at the end.
Maybe two more questions from the
audience. I really like these questions.
Great job.
>> Thank you. Um so with OpenCloud becoming
more and more popular, uh I'm seeing
competitors and OpenCloud kind of like
rappers coming out. Specifically, one
very popular right now is called Hermes
Agent. So I wanted to ask you where do
you kind of see that with you know open
cloud becoming more and more safe and
accessible you know uh with time goes on
and that curve kind of like flattens out
and you know more people start to adopt
it as well as other tools like open fang
for example like
>> open what
>> open fang
>> it's an agent operating system that
allows you to like deploy agents as well
as like safely um and going back to like
the previous speaker allows you to also
like execute it via sandbox as well so I
want to know if you you have heard of
these tools at I've heard of Hermes just
today.
>> Okay.
>> Um I did not have time to actually look
into it. Um but I think that it's
amazing. Open Claw is just the dawning
of the era. Um OpenAI, you know,
acquired it. Now they have the original
author um and probably everybody else
who wants to continue to support and
contribute. But there are better
architects than Peter. There are uh
people who didn't just vibe code this
who have certain approaches to security
that are different. One of them in
particular is has a similar um uh sort
of paradigm as openclaw that it can
build itself but it it keeps its initial
code base like very small and it builds
out its capabilities as you specify what
you need. I think that's the nano claw
or the nanobot. I forget specifically
which one. And then there's the other
frameworks that build on top of
OpenClaw. So for example, um there's a a
CRM called Ironclaw. That is literally
just an extension of Open Claw, but for
CRM purposes, similar to Mike's approach
of uh building Next uh what was it
called? Next contact or something.
>> Next hello.
>> Next hello. [laughter]
Yeah. So of building next on top of of
OpenClaw. Um, I think the beauty of this
is that this of open cloud in particular
is that it was like an open source win.
Like all of us could leverage it, extend
it, um, hopefully keep up to date with
the security updates that are coming in.
Um, you know, sponsored by OpenAI. Um,
and uh, yeah, like the the the one issue
with OpenClaw though is is that it is
the surface area is huge, right? Um,
it's very hard to audit. I know that
that's why Mike uh, you know, was was
shying away from it. Um and the things
that I do is I just audit every skill
that I use. I try to just build my own
skills. Um I don't want a bunch of
dependencies hanging around my data,
right? Um and obviously also firewalling
it, adding tail scale around my devices.
Uh basically only I can access it and
anybody in my organization via Slack. So
one more question from the audience. Any
questions? All right,
maybe we should have more questions. I
love these questions. They're all
amazing amazing questions. if you have a
question. Actually, do you have a
question? Oh, here you go.
>> Hey, so why do you want to use OpenClaw
if you can use like a tool that's
already sandboxed or you can avoid all
this like tricky setup like Manis or
Claw Code?
>> I'd love to look into Manis. I haven't
had time. Um, I was really just
tinkering uh with OpenClaw and it wasn't
difficult. It was not difficult to set
it up. Uh, it's actually very easy.
That's one of the reasons why I started
investing more and more time. I now have
like four like servers up for different
purposes. Um, the reason why I think
OpenClaw in general and specifically for
me is awesome is because it's a glue
layer between a bunch of services that I
already use in a way that other
other harnesses. So for example, chatgbt
desktop
um like have not allowed me to do cloud
co-work is a bit better at that. It has
really good connectors obviously has
MCP. Um but the way that OpenClaw allows
itself to build its capabilities I think
is is one of the the big you know um
points of using something like that. But
you said it yourself like even like with
the agent dying and stuff like if you
run it on clawed code like your agent's
not just going to randomly die like even
in the middle of a task or something
because I tried both of them and I've
done a lot of stuff that people do with
open claw with clawed code and I just
feel like it's a lot more stable and
reliable.
>> Absolutely. You can you can do what you
do with openclaw with claw code
>> um
and have at it. I mean go for it. uh a
lot of the features that we see cloud
code now delivering are actually
mimicking some of the connectivity and
interfacing that you can do a little bit
more naturally with openclaw. So as I
was saying this is sort of like the dawn
of an era of like actually being able to
glue things together in a way that
really only claude with its desktop
application was allowing you to do. The
thing about OpenClaw is that you can own
it, right? Like you can install it on
your VPS, on your Mac Mini. Um, you can
take it wherever you want. Really,
>> you using like a database for memory.
Oh, sorry. Like, uh, instead of using
instead of using the memory MD file like
maybe like MongoDB to have like all the
like Telegram chat records and pull from
there.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I have uh some of our LP
data is in SQLite. What do you say?
>> Some of our data is in SQL light.
>> Oh, okay.
>> Yeah.
>> So you you're not pulling from there
while you're um using open claw.
>> Yeah, we do.
>> So you have like the memory file and
then you have like all the records
inside the database that you also pull.
>> Yeah, you could do that
>> cuz I I heard him talking about the
telegram like chat.
>> So it was like well all the record like
all the chat history I would put that in
a database not like in a memory file.
>> Right.
>> I didn't hear what you were saying. I
would put the the chat history in a
database, not a memory file.
>> Correct.
>> Sorry, I'm not following.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So, what you're saying is um
you know because you have like let's say
a telegram chat, you can use that chat
history and then save that data. Is that
correct? And now you have the
conversation history.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I would say there's
like multiple ways you can go about
that, right? So, you can go about it.
Whenever you get a web hook or something
and you get or a socket and you get some
data from the message, then you can save
that into your own database. So you
could save your own type of conversation
structure and then you know you have it
kind of labeled similarly to the open AI
method where it's like assistant user
system for example right and so you can
save it yourself or you can go back
probably to your previous ch chats and
then save it directly from your chat
history uh from those apps so I think
there's many ways to to make an omelette
right and that's what's uh really great
about open claw am I right [laughter]
>> amazing well let's give it up again for
And [applause]
and naturally naturally we have to get a
selfie or it didn't happen.
Let's get a selfie in here.
Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Let's give it
up one more time for our speakers
tonight. [applause]
For our speakers tonight. You know,
honestly, I was I was thinking about it
and I was like, you know what? if we
just had like all the speakers come up
and just answer questions in a future
event. Uh I think that'd be a lot of fun
because I can see there's a lot of
thirst for knowledge and you know a lot
of questions and I think in the future
we'll have some speakers come up next
time and just well I'll answer questions
maybe for one of these sessions because
I think there's like a lot of questions
that folks have
>> and yeah um I think we learned a lot
today about the intent era who learned
more about how we can leverage openclaw
in our uh environments today. Amazing.
Amazing. Love, love seeing that. Love
seeing that. And so we do this every
other week or so. We're partnered with
Miami Day College and we're also
partnered with Nova Southeastern
University and also the lab. So I have a
few things I just want to, you know,
quickly go over. Uh, one of those. Uh,
thank you so much. Thank you so much.
One of those things is we do have a
hackathon coming up. Uh, it's going to
be a lot of fun. Uh, so you know, we're
having a Google hackathon on March 20th.
cash prizes, Google agent SDK, you know,
uh, Gemini API, Google Anti-gravity.
We're presenting this with Miami Day
College and the Lab Miami. And we're
partnering with Out Rival Miami Tech,
Coffin Ross, AI Salon, Hello Miami, and
the AI collective. Wonderful, wonderful
communities. So, if you'd like to join
our community, ask these questions in
our WhatsApp group, our Telegram, our
Discord, or follow us on YouTube, or
even potentially our Instagram, then
you're more than welcome to follow this
QR code and get all of those goodies.
No. And by the way, all the presentation
slides will also be shared on WhatsApp.
Our the video will be shared on YouTube.
And so,
>> yeah. Um, if you would like to be a
sponsor of our events, uh, feel free to
scan this QR code. And, you know, we
would very gladly be able to, uh,
sponsor and share the message of your
company. And last and almost least, um,
actually, if anyone would like to
support us, uh, this is how you can go
ahead and support. if you want to like,
you know, just chip in like $20 a month
or something like that, you know, we do
have that option as well for you. And
last but not least, thank all of you for
being just absolutely amazing. Uh we're
really excited to make this a wonderful
community with all of you. Let's give it
up one more time for our wonderful
community. [applause]
>> Great way to listen.
>> And naturally, let's all get a picture
over here and then we can have our
networking time. Let's get a picture
picture over here. Thank you. Thank you
so much, everyone. Fix your time.
Picture your time.
>> Perfect.
>> Yeah. We'll just come on up over here.
Just get a nice picture with all of us.
>> Whatever. Can I get your LinkedIn?
>> I think so.
>> LinkedIn or you can just just email me
at allensap.com.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
Fair.
>> Yeah. If everyone can come up over here,
we'll take a picture. We'll just line up
along this way.
>> Um,
>> yeah, I'll send it in the group chat.
>> What if What if we
>> go in the front?
>> Yeah. What if we go in the front? I
think that'd be easier picture time over
there.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Hi.
>> How do I um Yeah. Nice to meet you.
>> Nice to meet you as well.
>> Uh, how do I
>> uh I don't think we want to take a
picture.
>> You know what? No picture today. We
don't need a picture. Yeah. Have fun.
We'll get to networking.
>> I'll take a picture with you. Yeah,
let's get a picture.
[laughter]
>> How are you?
>> Good. Good. Good event.
>> How do I become one of the speakers?
>> So, we have the speakers for
Okay.
and see you all
Okay. Is um crypto or
>> Okay.
Android
SDK
layers.
The intent
one.
>> Okay.
>> I think she was first.
>> Oh, that's my uh fiance. [laughter]
>> That's Julia.
>> That works, too. Um,
>> wanted to ask a quick question. I work
at a DC firm as well.
>> Oh,
>> um,
>> here in uh, Florida where they based.
>> Oh, no. We're uh, we're a smaller
actually. You know how Anil owns like
the obviously the Kings
>> Kings? Yeah.
>> The guy I work for is Joe Montana's son.
>> Oh, awesome.
>> Uh, and I I think they pretty sure
they're friends.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I mean, Anne Neil was here
for like he lived here for a while.
>> Yeah. What? Like, do you guys not have a
Florida office anymore or what's what's
going on?
>> It's just me right now.
>> We have our pork. Oh, shoot.
We have our uh our portfolio companies
here.
>> Okay.
>> Um and sometimes we go to their offices,
but yeah, it's just me. Our our HQ is in
New York and we have an SF office as
well.
>> Okay.